I Annie B. Davis make the following
statement since my husband Theodore M. Davis
has sailed for Egypt without informing me that he had carried
out his agreement of October 9, 1911.

I understood from his letter of Sept. 18th 1912
and from other sources that if he has not done so, it is
because he does nothing of importance now without the consent
of Mrs. E. B. Andrews and it has been opposed by her.

We have been married fifty-one years and for many 
years Mrs. Andrews who was his mistress has lived informing
our house, and succeeded last year in driving me out of my home.

I tried for all these years to cover up this situation
to avoid a scandal, hopeing to win back my husband who 
is a very kind men; but this woman is much deeper than I am.

It was in the first part of the month of August
1911 that Mrs. Andrews took me in our automobile 
to the [] Bank of Newport R.I. to sign
a paper. When on the way to the bank I hestitated and asked
what this paper was, Mrs. Andrews said that I 
could no longer stay in my house if I did not sign at once
and without protest. This was the same thing she had said
before to make me sign papers without reading them; so I did
not know what was in the paper when I signed it. We were
in the bank only a moment.

Miss Cecilia de Lagarde was the only other person
in the motor that morning and she will remember the
converstation. As soon as the paper was signed everything
was made more and more uncomfortable for me until finally
it was impossible for me to stay in my home and 
Mrs. Andrews insisted that I must go away.

Later Mr. Davis who was completing his 
arrangements for the care of our large fortune, sent me another
paper, --a waiver, to sign; I refused to do so until I had
the assurance that he would carry out some of the promises
he had made me. In answer to this he sent me a signed agreement
dated October 9, 1911, agreeing to provide for me and my
heirs in his will, which I accepted after signing the waiver.

Last summer when I wrote of returning home,
Mrs. Andrews sent word that I must not. Knowing
that my husband was failing and to avoid scandals which would
be painful to him I accepted an allowance and a further assurance
that he would carry out his promises of October 1911.

I do solemnly swear that the above statements are 
true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

[Annie B. Davis]

District of Columbia )S.S

I --------- a Notary Public in and for
the said District aforesaid, do hereby certify that --------
who is personally well known to me to be the person who executed
the foregoing and annexed affidavit dated November ---, 1912,
personally appeared before me in the District aforesaid, and
made solem oath that the statements therein made were the
truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth according
to the best of her knowledge and belief.

Given under my hand and official seal this ------
day of November 1912

Notary Public
