Villa Serena,Miami,Fla.,      
March 16th, 1915,

Dear Dudley;—

Dwyer and I arrived safely yesterday after another long and uncomfortable trip and found that the entire household had been getting along nicely in our absence. I have no trouble at all to report from this end and the matter of packing up and disposing of everything is going ahead nice ly.	I will pay the servants their wages to the end of  the month, give them enough to pay for return tickets to Newport and an allowance for the few days they will have to board themselves, up to the end of the month. All these people have been so extremely nice and so kind and so interested in Uncle that I feel that this treatment of them is the very least I can possibly do and I am sure that you will agree with me. Absolutely	 all of them refuse to enter Mrs. Andrews’ service. Mrs. Andrews’ nephew, the Rev. Powell transmitted an invitation to them to return to the Reef. I have used absolutely no influence in this matter, in fact, when they have spoken to me about it have told them all that I would not be in the least hurt and would quite under-stand their accepting such an offer; but they have been very positive and I understand are going to transmit their regrets to the Executor so as to avoid any misunderstanding.
 
As to the furniture at the house, the matter is working out very simply as Henry, Dwyer and myself and the contractor who did the work are taking all that was purchased at about half price. This avoids the publicity and expense of a sale and the handling of any thing. I saw Mr. Bryan as I came down and he was extremely gracious and said that he could not hold us for the $40 per month which was due to his gardener up to the end of our lease. I am simply going to pay this man to the first of April and turn the keys over to him. He said also that he did not care anything about any inventory and he knew that everything that was there would be found in place and in good order. He is really getting quite a good thing out of this as it does not pay us to tear down the light muslin curtains from the windows or carry off the numerous boxes of plants and flowers.

The settlement for the amounts due from Henry, Dwyer myself and others will have to be adjusted after our return North unless we can fix on some price arbitrarily without reference to the old bills. I left these bills all North in the mass of papers which I took North with me. I think possibly we may be able to arrive at an approximate division of the price as far as concerns the things that are

sold to the contractor and the carpenter, and it would be far simpler to adjust all before we leave if possible. I will write you further as the work of dividing these things up progresses and will go ahead and make a decision as of course I have no time to consult you at this distance.
It seems to me that the Rev. Arthur made a mistake when he fixed the date for Good Friday. The calendar which I found out at the house says April 2nd, in any event. I will see you at 53 William a week from Thursday and trust we are to continue to have the same love-feasts as heartofore.

With best wishes.
Dudley S. Dean, Esq.,

