Villa Serena, Miami, Florida, 
February 19th, 1915.

Dear Dudley;—

Thank you for your letter received yesterday enclosing two Conservators checks, one for deposit to my account at the Aquidneck Bank, Newport, for §500., and the other one which I have deposited to my account here of $1500 to be used in adjusting the balance of the rent due on the'Villa Serena’. Enclosed please find receipts for same. I at once sent a check for the principal bill in the Dwyer repairs and will take up the lease matter with Mr. Bryan at the earliest date possible. I did not come in towm to send you these receipts, it could have been done perfectly well from the house, but I felt obliged to leave Uncle for the time necessary to get you a reply to your favor of Feb. 16th. enclosing a paper to be signed by my Uncle with a view to the recovery of §1000. given for the benefit of some hospital in which there was a Sister who had aided in the care of  Mrs. Andrews sister-in-law. Only one side of this matter is presented and it strikes me that Mrs. Newberry and the daughters of the abovementioned sister-in-law are using bad taste, to say the least, in opening up this matter, with Uncle lying at deaths door. It is very hard to hear Uncles prayers for forgiveness and as last night to hear him call out for his wife, Annie, and then to have to come in town and answer letters about finance and recoveries of a sum of money from some charitable institution dictated by the nieces of his mistress, whom I know has brought all this misery upon him and us.

I feel that I should report also that I have word
from Anita that despite my requests not to return, she is coming tomorrow morning and will expect to help us. Her letter is very disjointed and I shall turn the matter over to the doctor; otherwise everything is going very smoothly with the care of Uncle, which is of the most elaborate kind, as all of his functions have to be taken care of artificially. I decline to take any action for the moment on the recovery requested by Mrs. Andrews nieces and am sending this letter to Herbert to forward to you.

Thank you, dear Dudley for your courteous consideration and believe me,

Most sincerely yours,

P.S. I Enclose check duly signed for Garden account and of course any action you take as to the tax return will be satisfactory.
